Update Livewire integration for Tenancy by path (#206)
stancl/tenancy-docs: source/docs/v3/integrations/livewire.blade.md

Also make sure to enable [universal routes]({{ $page->link('features/universal-routes') }}).

And if you're using file uploads, read the [Real-time facades]({{ $page->link('realtime-facades') }}) page of the documentation. Livewire uses real-time facades in the uploading logic.

## Tenancy by path

Open the `config/livewire.php` file and change this:

```php
'middleware_group' => ['web'],
```

to this:

```php
'middleware_group' => [
    'web',
    InitializeTenancyByPath::class,
],
```

(Don't forget to import the middleware class.)

> Open the `config/livewire.php` file and add this:

Reviewer: As @andreasmatu pointed out in https://github.com/archtechx/tenancy/issues/628#issuecomment-1294876192, this should be something like `routes/tenant.php`:
```suggestion
Open the `routes/tenant.php` file and add this:
```

```php
use Livewire\Controllers\HttpConnectionHandler;

Route::group([
    'prefix' => '/{tenant}',
    'middleware' => [
        'web',
        InitializeTenancyByPath::class,
    ],
], function () {
    Route::post('livewire/message/{name}', [HttpConnectionHandler::class, '__invoke']);
});
```

Finally, open the blade file where the `@@livewireScripts` directive is, and add:

```html
@@livewireScripts
<script>

>     window.livewire_app_url = '{{ tenant()->id }}';

Reviewer 2: This got me stuck while trying the integration guide. The URL had two prefixes – the tenant ID + the tenant ID which gets assigned to `window.livewire_app_url` here (so the URL was `http://testing.test/foo/foo/testing`, the second `foo` would change with `window.livewire_app_url`, so if the tenant was `foo`, and we set `window.livewire_app_url` to `bar`, the URL would be `http://testing.test/foo/bar/testing`).

This suggestion fixes the problem 

```suggestion
    window.livewire_app_url = '/{{ tenant()->id }}';
```
